A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
Police were called to a daycare where a three-year-old was resisting a rest.
I couldn't quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually it came back to me.
Simba was walking too slow, so I told him to Mufasa.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands! I love this joke because it never grows old.
Jokes with punch lines can be painfully funny.
A man died today when a pile of books fell on him. He only had his shelf to blame.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A Thesaurus.
What happens when four children lock themselves in a wardrobe? That's narnia business..
Why was Cinderella thrown off the basketball team? She ran away from the ball.
My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned: couldn't concentrate.
I wanna make a joke about sodium, but Na..
Did you hear about the Italian chef with a terminal illness? He pastaway.
An expensive laxative will give you a run for your money.
I never understood odourless chemicals, they never make scents.
Never trust an atom, they make up everything!
When two vegetarians are arguing, is it still considered beef?
I stayed up all night to see where the sun went. Then it dawned on me.
When life gives you melons, you're probably dyslexic.
I make apocalypse jokes like there's no tomorrow.
No matter how hard you push the envelope it will still be stationery.
What tea do hockey players drink? Penaltea!
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
I was trying to make a pun about escaping quicksand but I'm stuck.
The rotation of the earth really makes my day
How do you throw a space party? You planet.
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars.
Nope. Unintended.
The shovel was a ground breaking invention, but everyone was blow away by the leaf blower.
A scarecrow says, "This job isn't for everyone, but hay, it's in my jeans."
A Buddhist walks up to a hot dog stand and says "Make me one with everything."
Did you hear about the guy who lost the left side of his body? He's alright now.
What do you call a girl with one leg that's shorter than the other? Ilene.
The broom swept the nation away.
I did a theatrical performance on puns. It was a play on words.
What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back for seconds.
What do you do with a dead chemist? You barium.
I bet the person who created the door knocker won a Nobel prize.
Towels can't tell jokes. They have a dry sense of humor.
Two birds are sitting on a perch and one says "Do you smell fish?"
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in france? There was nothing but des brie.
Do you know sign language? You should learn it, it's pretty handy.
What do you call a beautiful pumpkin? GOURDgeous.
Why did one banana spy on the other? Because she was appealing.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
What do you call a cow with all of its legs? High steaks.
A cross eyed teacher couldn't control his pupils.
After the accident, the juggler didn't have the balls to do it.
I used to be afraid of hurdles, but I got over it.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
I read a book on anti-gravity. I couldn't put it down.
I couldn't remember how to throw a boomerang but it came back to me.
What did the buffalo say to his son? Bison.
What should you do if you're cold? Stand in the corner. It's 90 degrees.
How does Moses make coffee? Hebrews it.
The energizer bunny went to jail. He was charged with battery.
What did the alien say to the pitcher of water? Take me to your liter.
What happens when you eat too many spaghettiOs? You have a vowel movement.
The soldier who survived mustard gas and pepper spray was a seasoned veteran.
Sausage puns are the wurst.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
How did Darth Vader know what luke was getting him for his birthday? He could sense his presence.
Why shouldn't you trust atoms? They make up everything.
What's the difference between a bench, a fish, and a bucket of glue? You can't tune a bench but you can tuna fish. I bet you got stuck on the bucket of glue part.
What's it called when you have too many aliens? Extraterrestrials.
Want to hear a pizza joke? Nevermind, it's too cheesy.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do cows tell each other at bedtime? Dairy tales.
Why can't you take inventory in Afghanistan? Because of the tally ban.
Why didn't the lion win the race? Because he was racing a cheetah.
Why did the man dig a hole in his neighbor's backyard and fill it with water? Because he meant well.
What happens to nitrogen when the sun comes up? It becomes daytrogen.
What's it called when you put a cow in an elevator? Raising the steaks.
What's America's favorite soda? Mini soda.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.
What kind of car does a sheep drive? A lamborghini, but if that breaks down they drive their SuBAHHru.
What do you call a spanish pig? Porque.
What do you call a line of rabbits marching backwards? A receding hairline.
Why don't vampires go to barbecues? They don't like steak.
A cabbage and celery walk into a bar and the cabbage gets served first because he was a head.
How do trees access the internet? They log on.
Why should you never trust a train? They have loco motives.
Santa Claus' helpers are known as subordinate Clauses.
She had a photographic memory but never developed it.
The two pianists had a good marriage. They always were in a chord.
I was struggling to figure out how lightning works, but then it struck me.
The grammarian was very logical. He had a lot of comma sense.
A chicken farmer's favorite car is a coupe.
What do you call a person rabid with wordplay? An energizer punny.
I've been to the dentist many times so I know the drill.
What did one plant say to another? What's stomata?
The other day I held the door open for a clown. I thought it was a nice jester.
A chicken crossing the road is truly poultry in motion.
The politician is not one for Indian food. But he's good at currying favors.
How do construction workers party? They raise the roof.
A boiled egg every morning is hard to beat.
When a woman returns new clothing, that's post-traumatic dress syndrome.
After hours of waiting for the bowling alley to open, we finally got the ball rolling.
Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was brilliant!
Always trust a glue salesman. They tend to stick to their word.
Guerrilla warfare is more than just throwing a banana.
The cartoon animator felt imprisoned by his job. He could not free himself from his cel.
I thought Santa was going to be late, but he arrived in the Nick of time.
Every calendar's days are numbered.
A bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two-tired.
No matter how much you push the envelope, it will still be stationery.
A dog gave birth to puppies near the road and was cited for littering.
If you don't pay your exorcist, you will get repossessed.
A pessimist's blood type is always B-negative.
I went to a seafood disco last week... and pulled a mussel.
Two peanuts walk into a bar, and one was a-salted.
Reading while sunbathing makes you well red.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
Want to hear a joke about paper? Nevermind it's tearable.
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
Dad, did you get a haircut? No I got them all cut.
What do you call a Mexican who has lost his car? Carlos.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Scarecrow dad joke
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
I'll call you later. Don't call me later, call me Dad.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, "No, just leave it in the carton!"
5/4 of people admit that they're bad with fractions.
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, "do you know how to drive this thing?"
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
Funny dad joke about a psychic
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It's a little fishy.
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
I've never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
Funny joke about a kidnapping
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up.
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks.
People don't like having to bend over to get their drinks. We really need to raise the bar.